Shadow walked down one of Eggman’s halls confidently. Tonight was the night he was going to put Eggman’s operations to an end. Eggman was always good at making sure his base invaders eventually made it to the big man himself, assuming they could get by all his traps and robots. At last, Shadow made it to a smaller room with Eggman in his eggmobile hovering above. Every surface of the room was badly damaged and discolored.
 
“To what do I owe the pleasure?” Eggman asked in a jolly voice. Behind that jolly voice, Eggman was worried. Shadow wasn’t one for smalltalk, and would likely attack without much provocation.
 
The black hedgehog normally tried to stay out of Eggman’s business, as Eggman was good at staying out of Shadow’s business. However, the thought chemical weapons did not sit well with him. It was time for Shadow to strike first. “I hear you’ve resorted to chemical warfare. That’s a pretty damning thing to do, Doctor.”
 
Eggman roared with laughter. “I’m surprised you found Sonic’s body and connected the dots! Look at those red and white smudges on the ground. That’s all that’s left of him!”
 
Shadow could not help but expressing a smug grin. “Once again you’ve overestimated yourself. Sonic is in the hospital. Alive.”
 
The madman stopped laughing. “What!? Impossible! I designed that formula myself! Bah! Let me know if you survive this, rat!” With that, Eggman’s egg-mobile lifted off as the sprinkler system turned on.
 
The chemical attack was expected. Shadow held his breath and instantly began his escape. The doors behind him had a half repaired hole presumably from Sonic. Shadow felt the chemicals spray on his back as he spin-dashed to re-open the hole.
 
Confronted with a wide range of pain from stinging to freezing, Shadow sped up his escape and blasted through the door. Shivering, he let out a gasp and started breathing again. He was far enough away from the chemical chamber to not breath any of the noxious fumes emitting from his escape route. To Shadow’s confusion, he was slowly engulfed in the fumes. He ceased breathing, but it was too late: Shadow could feel his chest start to feel like a rock. Thinking about Sonic, Shadow figured he had few options at this point.
 
With the chaos emerald in Shadow’s hand, he used what air he had left in his lungs to chaos control back to safety.
 
* * *
 
Amy and Tails weren’t in any rush to go back to their houses. They were still rather surprised by Shadow’s sudden appearance. That was not going to be his first sudden appearance of the night. They saw the characteristic flash of a chaos control in the distance and there on the Cocoa Island beach laid Shadow.
 
“Not again!” Cried Tails, running to assess Shadow’s condition.
 
Shadow was in better condition than Sonic. He was still awake and breathing, albeit having trouble breathing.
 
Amy watched from afar as she watched Shadow do a combination of shivering, writhing and heaving. It was hard to see in the moonlight, but what appeared to be smoke rose from Shadow’s fur. The emission did not last long, and a gentle breeze dissipated the fumes before Tails arrived at Shadow’s side.
 
“I’m fine!” Shadow managed to choke out, before going back to fighting for every breath. His shivering had stopped. He was embarrassed that Eggman had made such a fool out of him. Shadow did not like the idea of making such a cowardly retreat and was not going to let his pride sink lower by getting help from this fox boy. Shadow pressed his back into the sand hoping to relieve the significant amounts of pain he was experiencing.
 
“No you’re not!” Tails was not very creative with his arguments. “This is how I found Sonic too, you know!”
 
“I… am still… breathing!” Shadow managed to bellow out before going back to heaving. Suddenly, he was picked up by Amy and thrown over her shoulder.
 
“Amy…!” Tails was taken aback by her brashness.
 
“You are going to the hospital right now, Shadow!” Amy said in an assertive voice as she started to briskly walk towards the hospital. She lowered her mouth close to Shadow’s ear and whispered, “Let me know how Sonic’s doing in there.”
 
Shadow did not try to struggle. It was two versus one and he was in no condition to fight. He shut his eyes and focused on his breathing. He felt better knowing that Amy was not taking him to the hospital out of altruism.