Amy sat quietly on a bench in a hallway outside the intensive care unit of the Cocoa Island Hospital. Her eyes followed every doctor and nurse that walked by, hoping that one of them would have news on Sonic’s condition. Next to Amy sat Tails, hunched over with his chin resting on his crossed arms. His thoughtful eyes stared blankly out in front of him. They had been sitting there for countless hours without any positive news on Sonic’s situation.
 
A nurse mouse finally approached the duo. Amy’s face was that of cautious optimism. “We are now going into family only visiting hours. You two can come back in the morning.” She spoke with an empathetic tone, but it was clear that she has spoken to people in this situation many times.
 
“Family only!?” Tails stood up, challenging the nurse. “We are his family! We’re some of the only family he’s got!”
 
The nurse was used to guests venting on her. She kept her composure and replied how she always did.  “I’m sorry, Mr. Tails. It’s just standard procedure. I know you guys are close friends but your names are not in his paperwork as official family. You may come back in the morning.” With that, she gestured him towards the door.
 
“Come on, Tails. I don’t want to leave either, but we must do what the nurse says. We’ll be back first thing in the morning.” She began walking towards the exit, and Tails reluctantly followed.
 
Tails and Amy walked silently though the half lit hospital halls, finally leaving exiting the last set of doors. They were met with an unexpected voice.
 
“What do you mean I can’t visit Sonic? I want answers! Tell me what happened to him.” Shadow the Hedgehog was blocked by another nurse. He walked away from the nurse and approached Amy and Tails. “I suppose you guys aren’t family either.” There was a long pause. “I saw Eggman carry a load of critters back to his base. Unhindered. Sonic should have stopped the doctor, but he didn’t. What happened to Sonic?”
 
Tails continued looking at the ground, not speaking in fear that he might start crying. Amy was better at  holding together. “Eggman did… something to Sonic. Sprayed him with some sort of chemical. He’s in critical condition now. The doctors don’t know...” Amy could only go for so long before her voice began to fail.
 
“Chemical warfare... That’s pretty low of Eggman. I will put a stop to the doctor’s chemistry before Sonic even wakes up!” Shadow started to slowly walk backwards, giving himself some space.
 
“How do you know Sonic’s gonna wake up!?” Tails shouted, trying to get over the knot in his throat.
 
“He’s Sonic the Hedgehog. Essentially invulnerable. Do you really doubt your ‘best friend’?” Shadow took out his chaos emerald. “Chaos control!”
 
Tails stared at the spot where Shadow used to be, mentally kicking himself for letting his mind get muddled into such a doomsday scenario train of thought.
 
“Shadow’s right, Tails.” Amy said, making an attempt to sound optimistic. “The doctors haven’t said that Sonic won’t make it yet.”