Sonic stood at the base of a pile of metal scrap and ruin as he watched Eggman in his eggmobile steadily ascend from the rubble. Sonic had no plans this visit other than to be a thorn in Eggman’s side. With one explosion down, Sonic had five more to cause to satisfy his self imposed quota of destruction before he began his journey home.
 
“As usual, your toys aren’t fast enough to keep up with me, Eggman!” Sonic’s routine robot dismantling would not be complete without rubbing some salt in the wounds. He paused, waiting for Eggman’s rebuttal. It was all standard procedure and Sonic would not be disappointed.
 
“We’re not done yet, rodent!” Eggman shouted over the shifting debris of his latest failed robot. “I have  another...”
 
“Oh yes another robot! Don’t you think you want to… clean this up first?” Sonic gestured at the pile of scrap which lay in front of him. It was usually about at this time that the good doctor’s face would shine a nice shade of crimson.
 
Instead, the doctor kept his calm. “Actually, I don’t have another robot for you to destroy. I don’t need to aim this new weapon! Enjoy your shower, hedgehog!” Eggman accelerated his eggmobile upwards and closed a set of thick ceiling doors behind him. Eggman fixed his eyes through the tempered glass through the now sealed doors as he brought his cruiser to a halt.
 
Sonic watched as the doors closed above him sealed the room. The last time Eggman pulled a stunt like this the floor opened up to lava below. He climbed up on the scrap pile in preparation as he started planning a route back to Eggman. Sonic still had banters to share. Still, this breach in their unsaid protocol was unusual and put Sonic on edge a little.
 
Suddenly, what appeared to be a sprinkler system emerged from various surfaces of the room and activated as promised. There were a lot of sprinklers for such a relatively small room. This clear fluid that shot out was not water, though. Every inch of Sonic’s body was introduced to a severely painful sensation of stinging and burning as he was hit with jets of the fluid from every direction. Sonic saw the room start to fill with a white gas before he had to close his eyes due to the stinging. Sonic could hear the madman’s muffled laughing from behind the ceiling.
 
This was a trick Sonic had not seen Eggman perform before. Unfamiliar with this new situation, he knew that he needed to escape as soon as possible. The banters could wait until tomorrow. Using his signature spin attack, he made quick work of the room’s sealed door and started running down the corridor. With his eyes still clenched shut from the extreme stinging, Sonic knew he was in trouble.
 
Breathing started to become an arduous task as Sonic felt himself getting dizzy and disoriented. The burning sensation disappeared, as it was gradually replaced with a feeling of extreme cold. Eventually collapsing to the ground, he pulled out his last resort: a chaos emerald. The magic words could barely be uttered from his shivering lips before he was warped out of Eggman’s base.
 
Eggman’s face did reach that target crimson hue. Not out of anger, but out of maniacal laughter. He knew it was time to head to safety once the barrier between him and Sonic began to break down. Eggman could barely contain his composure as he maneuvered his eggmobile back to his chambers.
 
The next thing on Eggman’s agenda was to capture some woodland creatures. It has been far too long since Eggman has been able to capture animals without being meddled with by that hedgehog. If everything went according to plan, then Sonic is either dead by now or will be soon.